Received this via email from a friend (USMC Sgt Major):

History tells us that appeasement does not lead to peace. It invites an aggressor to test the will of a nation unprepared to meet that test. And... those who seemingly want peace the most, our young people, pay the heaviest price for our failure to maintain our strength."

--Ronald Reagan

An open letter to some political partisans, especially certain politicians and people in the media from a soldier's dad:

"I have a son who is an American soldier in Iraq... I am not fooled, when you partisans spew propaganda that helps our enemies and harms our soldiers, then tell us you support our troops.

I am not fooled, when you focus on, highlight, and exaggerate the negative things that happen in Iraq, while ignoring our positive accomplishments, then tell us you support our troops.

I am not fooled, when you focus attention on American soldiers killed and wounded in Iraq, to use these brave patriots as an anti-Iraq-war political football, then tell us you support our troops. I am not fooled, when you keep criticizing why and how we invaded Iraq -- that is done; -- then tell us you support our troops.

I am not fooled, when you engage in constant, carping criticism of what the U.S. has done and is doing in Iraq, then tell us you support our troops.

I am not fooled, when you search for and trumpet to the world anything that will diminish respect for our soldiers and their leaders -- even when it endangers greatly their lives, then tell us you support our troops.

I am not fooled, when you tell our soldiers and the rest of us that they are stuck in a 'quagmire' and will suffer a Vietnam-type defeat, then tell us you support our troops.

I am not fooled, when you spout propaganda that undermines the morale of our soldiers and the American public and boosts the morale of our enemies, then tell us you support our troops.

You are giving aid and comfort to our nation's deadly enemies!

They know they cannot defeat us militarily in Iraq. However, you cause them to think they can win here politically by breaking our will, if they kill and wound enough of our soldiers. You despicable partisans! You are stimulating our enemies to attack our soldiers and the people working with them. The blood of many Americans and Iraqis is already on your hands. And your hands collect more blood every day! You are determined to regain the political power you have lost, and you believe your presidential candidate and congressional candidates will win, if the U.S. fails in Iraq. If your anti-American propaganda contributes to the deaths of many Americans and Iraqis, that is a price you are willing to make them pay. You are pathetic and dangerous!"

--Proud Father of a Decorated Army Officer serving in Iraq
